[Music]
in 1996 in Brantford New Hampshire
teenager
Alex freak receives the Jumanji board
game which was found by his father on a
beach after was thrown over a bridge by
Alan Parrish and Sarah Whittle 27 years
earlier
Alex sets the game aside that night it
transforms into a video game cartridge
which catches Alex's attention when he's
awakened by the Jumanji drums and he is
transported into the game 20 years later
in 2016 for Brantford high school
students serve detention Spenser Gilpin
caught writing an essay for former
friend Anthony fridge Johnson also in
detention
Bethany Walker who made a video call
during an English class quiz and Martha
Copley who refused to participate in gym
class they are sent to the school
basement to prepare magazines for
recycling and to think about their
future fridge discovers Alex's discarded
video game system when he explores the
basement and he and Spencer set up the
game although it has five playable
characters the first one cannot be
selected Spencer and fridge choose two
characters and the girls choose their
own when Spencer presses start they are
transported into the game they land in
the jungle in the forms of their game
avatars Spencer is tough muscular
Explorer and archaeologist smolder brave
stone fridge is zoologist Franklin Mouse
Finbar who he chose after miss reading
Mouse as mooss Bethany is chubby male
cartographer and intellectual Sheldon
Shelley Oberon whose nickname she
mistook for a woman's and Martha is
beautiful commando and martial arts
expert Ruby roundhouse they each have
three lives in the game Spencer deduces
that if they lose all three they are
dead for real and tend not escape the
game they learn the game's story from
NPC nigel corrupt archaeologist russell
van pelt stole the Jaguars eye a magic
jewel from its shrine cursing Jumanji
Nigel escaped Van Pelt with the jewel
and the players must return it to a
Jaguar statue and yell Jumanji to lift
the curse
nigel warns them that Van Pelt will stop
at nothing to retrieve the jewel which
gives him control of Jumanji animals
they begin tackling the game's
increasingly difficult levels losing
lives as they do so the four are rescued
by Alex the missing 5th player who is
avatars pilot Jefferson seaplane
McDonagh taking shelter in a jungle
house built by Alan
Alex believes that he has been in the
game for a few months and his distressed
to learn that it is really 20 years the
newcomers vow to help him return home
they break into a transportation shed
commandeering a helicopter to fly to the
Jaguar statue and return the jewel
but fridge drops the jewel into a herd
of white rhinoceros Spencer uses one of
fridges lives pushing him out of the
helicopter as a distraction and
retrieved the jewel Alex loses his last
life when a mosquito bites him but
Bethenny performs CPR and transfers one
of her lives to him at the statue the
players are surrounded by a pack of
Jaguars and Van Pelt's forces they
outmaneuver their opposition while
Spencer and Martha race to the statue
van Pelt confronts Martha chapt in a pit
of mompos and demands the jewel but she
sacrifices one of her lives to respawn
and get a dispenser with the players on
their last lives they end the game with
Van Pelt disintegrating you to a bunch
of rats and return to the real world
Nigel bids them farewell but Alex does
not appear with them they find Alex's
formerly dilapidated home restored and
decorated for Christmas family gathering
and a doll Alex arrives returning to
where he left off in 1996 now married
with children he named his eldest
daughter after Bethany out of gratitude
for saving his life and introduces them
to his infant son hey Andy Spencer and
fridge reconcile Bethany begins caring
for others than herself and plans a
summer backpacking adventure Martha and
Spencer become romantically involved on
the four are now friends after their
experiences in the game when they hear
Jumanji drum beats they bring the game
behind the school and fridge destroys it
with a bowling ball to prevent anyone
from flying it again
[Music]